
10. User expressed that the camera is weird after using q and e to rotate (likely the action cam is not set up to think about the camera being rotated)
17. User expressed desire to understand rest system better
22. User expressed desire to buff the bond system so it takes effect from farther away (perhaps different classes provide different bond buffs?)


33. user requests to better understand the smell system

36. user requests more interactive objects (lore, gates, doors, loot crates more frequent?)
37. User requests weather effects (lightning, slippery, rust, hail)
38. user requests vehicles (can have riders, weapons, health, can explode, can act as cover probably need bigger/different map on vehicle mission as it is a 2x2 or larger unit)
40. User requests fishbowl cosmetic
41. user requests air to air vehicle combat mission type
42. user requests corrupted helicopter "difficult" enemy (jetpack + missile launcher sounds cool against this)
44. user requests that actions remain clicked so multiple actions can be taken in a row
45. User expressed that some fonts do not respect the font increase slider
47. User requests review of relative class power (base hit of heavy seems too low specifically)
49. Fix map chunk that has multiple orphaned ladders
50. user expressed desire to optimize browser based experience (massive lag spikes ocassionally)
52. User requests removal of ai pathfinding debugging, walkability debugging during mission
53. User expressed that enemy turn should not be initiated until ally is done moving or grenade is done animating
54. User requested slight change to camera behavior "ok so the squad panel selection should move the cam, direct model selection should not move cam"
55. user requested better undersanding of height system and its advantages/disadvantages
56. User requests implementation of "mortal wounds" mechanic


59. Enemies can spawn with classes/skills (more nemesis = more skills, some enemies can get promoted from being left alive)

61. user requests to make nerd stat box more visually intuitive somehow?
62. Incorporate ai slop videos into cinematic somehow
63. add icons to skill tree
64. fix action cam + floating text interaction
65. make enemy with overwatch ability

70. Mount ai generated gun models on backs of corgis
71. Create heavy weapon machine gun that fires 3 times (avg damage of 2?3?)
72. 
76. turn auto end when out of action points doesn't trigger either
78. add healing to medbay


Implement healing bay that makes a guy forced to stay for random number of missions
Only full health units can go in to battle
Remove sanity heal?

"Bonus music" Steve's bark com

Sleaze rock = Steve assets at the base song



Need more sanity loss

Gambling mechanic???
Whiskey cheat code sanity

Refactor weapon system negative multiplier based range to accuracy calc
prayer to gain sanity
random dog deployment order (plannable?)
random dog spawn location

hidden click box on main screen (new hidden "beach volley ball busty scene")

invasion not increasing after completed mission
on hover effect for units (glow or something)
add ability to use 2+ moves at once (needs visual helper and obvious extra ap usage for user)
extreme light effect on loot boxes makes enemies look yellow and can be confusing to the user
update skill tree to show binary choice between levels skill tree path not forced

The easy missions should increase "threat" level more
And some missions should even decrease threat/ elderich horror level as the reward
Could be every time the that level goes to 100% a special mission where they invade your base or something. Then resets to 0. On the third one you fight "Dogthulu" and either win or lose right there And it like changes color each level, Or you keep track with another DOOM COUNTER
Also i think you should start with only a choice of 2 missions and can upgrade to 3 or 4 with kibble (Like.. 250 / 500 kibble to increase pool)


recovery of dead units items on mission success or loot body mechanic (abort mission forfeits items)
spawn more enemies on turn 2 (or turn 1 if all enemy units are dead already) after rescuing a unit in a rescue mission (after killing all enemies mission should auto end

write 2x damage on headshot ability somewhere as a reminder of what it does
better cloaking effect/ action cam for cloak
fixed? --max hp wrong in mission (barbera showing up as 12/10 hp, jim showing up as 18/16 hp) 
click to unequip items/weapons in barracks?
some map tiles should block los



uncommitted features

a huge fun factor would be different rewards for the missions.
user requests "civilians" to be protected during missions to send a sense of urgency (all civvies die = fail, more kibble per saved civvy)
scaling difficulty with missions completed
Allow more dogs on missions (needs dynamic difficulty scaling)
"reset camera" button
Gambling on mutant fights
Helicopter drop off animation
Number missions and kills on nerd stats screen
Big sanity loss on corgi death
Grappling hook (scale walls without ladder, grapple to enemy)
Music player more music
Fix shot vfx
User requests for middle mouse click and hold to rotate the camera (osrs style?)
use easy to hit bonus with stunned target
destructible objects should be clickable to see what they are
rescue mission idea: move unit from one place to extraction zone under heavy fire
mission card re-design
weapon animations
fix cosmetics ++ cosmetics in general
official, useful combat log
Create heavy weapon machine gun that fires 3 times (avg damage of 2?3?)
User requests implementation of melee/shotgun class
User expressed desire to select actions from action bar using numbers on keyboard
user expressed desire to use the right mouse click to move the map (this would be a total controls re-design)
xp scaling more xp actions
tanky armor enemy is not interesting
re-balance heal gun
unchosen skill points not obvious
percent based heal
enemy damage scaling with party level scaling? re-evaluate difficulty scaling options
cover should take into account height?
add sanity when slaying an enemy?
address all scaling
when a dog unit is selected, show bond hearts above allies in range
all explosions should shred armor
grenadier charges should affect ammo for item grenades
overwatch sucks and isn't represented well visually
rename recruit -> officer
add extra effect to destructible cover (i.e. water push for hydrant/fountain)
re-center camera on unit when clicked on in squad detail panel even if already chosen.
spawn "elite" enemy on elite mission, starts revealed + plays taunt message/animation
add icon helper to field manual
ankle biter animation + sound effect
dismiss unit button
rebalance heal gun ideas (equip restriction to officer/medic? hit chance calcs normal, maybe ammo per mission?)


0.6 extra features

Fix end mission + add boss
Map tiles have expanded textures for visual intrigue and thematic setting
user requests different terrain (sludge, conveyer, water)
add disruptive elements to mission (has effect on xp rewards etc.) based on biome. Disruptive element displayed on mission screen as well
user feedback button (available in options)
exploder detonate on death
ammo for acid spitter spit attack
increase triage range (add drone animation or something)

Tooling:

Better build process


Bugs

Hit chance bug, heavy standing right next to an enemy he couldn't see (it was behind him, with no way to turn unit this is frustrating)
Enemy ai bug, saw exploder attacking with normal attack that is the wrong behavior
acid spitter did not use acid spit ability
New enemies (Exploder, Line based fire area denial, Large enemy, Flying enemy, More ap, more attacks?)
rescue allowed with 0 AP? says costs 1 ap but i think 0 is ok
COD (name of enemy, manner of death, etc.) in memorial
not able to attack some crate objects (due to biome refactor?)
enemy units moving does not update visibility (more robust visiblity checks needed)
movement helper squares lie about valid squares sometimes still
sanity break statuses are not explained anywhere
move through ally is broken
mission name "Kitchen" desert: biome name should line up with biome
barrel turns should tick down every turn and burning should be 2 turns, enemy hits barrel -> explode next enemy turn, player hits barrel -> explode next player turn
on click does not clear the line hit chance indicator (cleared on hover i think)
bump up default grenade ability/item range
skipped player turn in some scenario not really clear how it happened, maybe because of a unit death?
selecting a unit in the deploy screen should stay selected even when leaving and returning to the screen
rescue target is not factored into enemy unit attacks
Player/Environment/Enemy phase should always be displayed on screen
missions not persisted in user save so they can be reloaded with game reload
squad detail panel can still get out of sync with unit detail
exploder still using ranged attack for some reason, in some cases where pathfinding determines theres no other way?
win screen gets skipped easily
action cam needs to actually show all important events
some revealed units become invisible again if they are out of squad sight range, not sure how i feel about that
ghost image with ? on tile that has been revealed but out of sight?
if text size is up high some numbers can be obscured in the bottom unit screen
movement squares need to update after an enemy unit dies
cover helper needs to update after cover gets destroyed
floating text for sanity seems broken? delayed maybe? enemies becoming revealed multiple times?
abilities not greyed out when out of action points
units should be able to see over half cover objects
destructible cover should not be vulnerable to acid/poison?
double poison damage floating text
paramedic sanity scaling broken (444 in mission)
fleeing looks janky af with the insta tween between squares, should use movement
enemies can spawn on low wall tiles with nowhere to go
low wall tile do not provide cover
rescue action can be taken at 0 ap -> goes to -1 ap
Use was confused about unit detail panel, did not know where to look for unit name regardless of many interactions with the screen.
player units can spawn on a ladder tile that is not correct
recruiting dogs higher level than the ones you have in your roster is too powerful
using rescue as last action did not end the turn

################WEB###################

0.7 features

rescue scientist corgis? (research for cybernetics eventually)
ranged buffing class (weak/slow mage? harnesses cyber tech this is the techno corg)
58. User Requests that med-bay (new cyber tech screen?) have the ability to install cybernetic upgrades to corgis
60. user requests implementation of "tech corgi" class and full "tech stat" overhaul
34. user requests jetpack item or skill choice? (maybe gives "super height" = extra vision, high ground bonusX2, higher crit chance) lasts x turns (scales with tech skill)
new mascot for cybernetic screen
32. user requests laser beams shooting from corgi eyes (infinite range + hits every time but only 1 damage, can not crit)
hack mission reward should somehow interact with cybernetics (capacity?)
rocket launcher heavy weapon item (rocket launcher ammo available in shop)

1.0 Ready
Scaling difficulty
Full items/guns/cybernetics
Animations
Full mission type/rewards
Mission biomes + disruptive elements
Proper win screen and credits
mobile/tablet support
more music / mmusic player/ secret tracks